to save costs by making taxpayer paperwork easier
we are not going to deliver that program anymore
It is no longer necessary to give the vehicle it will not be delivered or
will send by mail
And that will not be necessary either
the way to recover stolen vehicles
by public security institutions it will be different not to be
through this chip
will be through other operatives and other forms that define the secretariat of
public security and the attorney general's office
to end
taxpayers
that are not updated
for their tenure contributions
they may also enjoy some incentives
they will have discounts
75% a fine
by John Mission of the Tenure Payment
I do not know if they have any fines that have been notified
taxpayers in the state of puebla
will have a discount of 75% of the samu
then they will have a 75% discount on the fine
porn payment of vehicle control rights
We already have two benefits associated with the program of
tenure
will have 75% in vehicle control service surcharges
three benefits
hill a vision alves that will have 50% discount
the verification fines
although it is not a requirement
to get the zero holding benefit
be up to date
with the verification fines with the verification of the vehicle if it is very
recommendable
verify it
since the fines for not doing it later will come a requirement
soon as it exceeds one thousand pesos a larsson 315 pesos
of the plates are you feel 55
and of the circulation card of the state of puebla are 315
altogether gives thousand 380 pesos
the benefit is for all taxpayers all 20
what is the OBJETIVE
help the families' economy
so that it has already started this year
do not pay tenure
and help the competitive competitiveness of companies
so that this part of this year
have less expenses for your operation
the most important thing is that this was the compu a campaign proposal from
governor and with this he fulfills
2 instead of his campaign he analyzed what the financial impact would be
in terms of collection in 2010 the collection by holding
amounted to just over 800 million pesos this year -se
approximately 500 million pesos that is planned that is
analyzed
how are we doing
solve these of this lack of resources will be with other programs
what the governor wants what the governor has instructed us and the
finance secretary
kelly a greater in a very large number of contributors
participate in the case